Assuming the part-time students are all remote and not on-site students, thus each requiring individual and separate intervention/support. 

Understanding everybody learns at their own pace is vital to approaching this situation. Additionally, not everybody has the same resources to dedicate to learning at any given time, thus, patience and adaptability is key. 

Reaching out to the 5 students falling behind must be made first as higher priority (while still maintaining enough time to be able to attend to the other students should they require help). Review of their assignments thus far submitted, the feedback from mentors, and the grades must be done prior to reaching out to the student as this sets the background context in understanding the situations of the students. Prior research before hand will allow for better personalised advise/recommendations and importantly makes the student feel as though you are invested in their learning journeys offering genuine and tailored support and encouragement. Each students should be contacted personally to investigate potential reasons as to why lagging has happened. Reasons could be numerous, a few will be mentioned here with potential recommendations/solutions. (These questions/situations will apply in asking the other students mentioned later).
1) No available time, due to other life commitments, such as work/school/personal reasons - Sympathising with the student as studying the course requires a lot of time and energy to dedicate to it, it is important to motivate the student to keep disciplined and committed to the course, there is a reason they first signed up (and paid money) for the course and this must be remembered. Suggest dedicating a little bit of time everyday or every two days to review the material.
2.1) Difficulties understanding the material - coding is challenging, and many people are daunted by this fact especially in the beginning of their learning journey. People may not have any technical background and may feel overwhelmed by the technology, the concepts, or even the time constraints of the hand-ins. The student's study habits must be questioned: how much time are they dedicating? - 30 minutes a day would not be sufficient to grasp new concepts and apply them, suggest a better study plan that requires more time per day that will be able to catch up to expected progress (or at least not fall even further behind); what additional resources are they using? - availability to Youtube channels, websites like geeksforgeeks.org, www.w3schools.com, and stackoverflow.com may be avenues yet unexplored or can be guided towards better understanding their importance or how to make better use these resources; how often are they on Discord, or asking for help on the chats? - important aspect of the course is learning how to ask for help, and these skills should not be ignored rather encouraged to ask questions on the platform even if it may be intimidating navigating Discord; personalised questions or feedback from the student detailing their experiences - how are they feeling about the material, gauging attitudes might indicate the reasons for lagging and appropriate personalised motivation and/or interventions could be made depending on severity. 
2.2) Perhaps the issue is one specific task or concept that they cannot grasp, or one task that is holding them back time wise. Efforts should be made to guide student as far as possible to the solution to avoid further loss of time. Assuming the student has had no help prior to this with this problem, or if the student has reached out for help to no avail, the mentor feedback should be reviewed, either the Discord help and/or the feedback calls to determine the problem. 
3) Illness - Student should now be encouraged to put in a little more time per day to catch up while keeping good health.

It can be important to remember that two weeks behind in the part-time course (either being 6 months or 12 months) is not too alarming, as productivity waxing and waning over the course is to be expected for at least a few, a marathon not a sprint mentality can be adopted by many. However, ensuring that there is not more serious issues occurring that, if left unresolved, may compound and become a problem that may be too unmanageable down the line must be investigated. Additionally, one of HyperionDev's drawing cards is the available support one can find throughout the course, this is the exactly the time to rise to those expectations to let the student know there is support throughout the course and they should be making use of it.

The students that are at risk of falling behind, having intervened with the lagging student, I am better able to equip students with tips and tricks that may have caught their fellow classmates. The ten students at risk of falling behind are the largest group, thus the average, and are on time with the course expectations. However, given their borderline lagging status, attitudes should still be personally gauged and grades should still be reviewed to ensure that they stay on pace and keep motivated to do so. A reasonable, constant and persistent availability of support should be emphasised is made available to them for their use and must always be encouraged to take it when needed. 

The five advanced students should be reminded that support is available to them should they need it. Once dealing with the concerns of the other students I can be in a better space to provide tips to them should they need it. In questioning/checking up on the advanced students, finding out what works for them - resources, studying techniques, job-course balance strategies, attitudes, etc - can be passed along to the students lagging behind, this data could be more beneficial to them if their backgrounds or situations intersect in anyway. Additionally, this would add to experience of mentoring for the course to better be able to handle future students recommendations/advice. 
Special attention should be made to not ignore the advanced students should they need attention while intervening, as paying customers they are equally entitled to the high quality support and not under prioritised for being ahead of the expected progress, rather be encouraged further to maintain their pace and motivation should be encouraged. 
Their grades and progress should still be reviewed, analysing data on which tasks score the most, the least, which tasks were liked and disliked by students, what different levels of performing students had to say about the same course, etc,, all of this can provide valuable feedback and knowledge if content needs to be reviewed or expanded upon in the future.



